NAME
	autohaltd 0.1 - Bring the system down when it is inactive

SYNOPSIS
	autohaltd [OPTION]... [INTERVAL]... [-- [SHUTDOWN_ARGUMENT]...]

	autohalt [OPTION]... [INTERVAL]... [-- [SHUTDOWN_ARGUMENT]...]

DESCRIPTION
	autohaltd automatically shuts down the machine (power off),
	when noone has been logged in for a long enough time.

	autohalt shuts down the machine if noone has been logged in
	for a long enough time.

	autohaltd shall shut down the machine when the sum of
	INTERVAL has elapsed since the last user logout. autohalt
	shall shut down the machine only if the sum of INTERVAL
	has elapsed since the last user logout. Each INTERVAL must
	be a non-negative integer, optionally with a unit:

	s	Seconds.

	m	Minutes (default). Note that it is 'm', not 'min'.

	h	Hours.

	Any argument added after '--' is passed to shutdown(8).
	'-h' and 'now' will  always be passed, at the end. You
	cannot add a warning message, as this would have to be
	added after 'now'. However, a warning message is
	unnecessary, as the computer will shutdown immediately,
	and there should not be any users on the machine when
	this happens.

OPTIONS
	-h, --help
		Print usage information.

	-v, --version
		Print program name and version.

	-c, --copyright
		Print copyright information.

	-f, --foreground
		Do not daemonise the process.
		Only valid for autohaltd.

NOTES
	This package will not function properly unless your
	login programs logs logins to utmp. Be sure to test it
	properly before deploying. It also preferred, but not
	required, that logouts are recorded to utmp in some
	customary fashion.

RATIONALE
	In environments where the number of computers is large,
	you can save on the environment and save money by
	turning of computers that are not used.

SEE ALSO
	shutdown(8)

	Full documentation available locally via: info '(autohaltd)'

	See INSTALL for installation instructions.
	See DEPENDENCIES for software dependenices.
	See COPYING for the full license used by the software.
	See NEWS for significant differences between releases.

LICENSE
	Copying and distribution of this manual, with or without
	modification, are permitted in any medium without royalty
	provided the copyright notice and this notice are preserved.
	This file is offered as-is, without any warranty.

